Application requirements:
MS program
•    Unofficial transcripts (from all previous universities)
•    3 letters of recommendation
•    GRE scores
•    TOEFL/IELTS score 
•    Resume 
•    Any certificates of completion for courses that do not appear on transcripts 

deadline: Fall Domestic Deadline: March 1 

part time medium friendly

Bell labs connection :)


    Submitting the GRE [verbal, quantitative, analytical writing] scores is optional; GRE subject tests are not required.
    Submit your TOEFL scores if you are an international student, unless you are exempt (see https://gradstudy.rutgers.edu/information/international-students); for the Fall 2022 admission cycle, we also accept Duolingo scores.
    Obtain 3 letters of reference.
    Obtain transcripts of all academic work at college level, both undergraduate and graduate.
    Prepare a personal statement.
    Obtain and fill out an application, and pay a $70 application fee.

They have ~6 concentrations and it smells more industry focused :)

"The Industrial Affiliates Program (IAP) brings industry closer to the students and the faculty of our department. As a member company of our IAP, you can raise your visibility within the department, engage with our students, develop close ties with the faculty, network with other member companies, and contribute to maintaining our excellence in education and research. Contact University Career Services at recruiting@careers.rutgers.edu or visit careers.rutgers.edu/employers for additional campus-wide employer branding and talent sourcing opportunities.

Your membership fee will support the mission of the department in important ways: to maintain and expand the resources we need in order to better educate and mentor our students, to provide them with newer opportunities to further their academic, research, and career objectives, to reward them for demonstrating excellence in this pursuit, and to help them build a vibrant and productive community. "


Campus Locations
--------

Busch Campus - New Brunswick


Costs:

~17k for out of state, 10k in state

FUZZY AND CONFUSING NUMBERS, LOOK OUT!


