Master of Mathematics in Computer Science
-----------------------------------------

There is a coursework and a thesis option, with the coursework one taking ~12-16months, and the thesis one, a year-2 years.

there is a co-op stream

Research fields:
    Algorithms and Complexity
    Artificial Intelligence
    Bioinformatics
    Computer Algebra and Symbolic Computation
    Computer Graphics
    Cryptography, Security and Privacy
    Databases
    Formal Methods
    Health Informatics
    Human-Computer Interaction
    Information Retrieval
    Machine Learning
    Programming Languages
    Quantum Computing
    Scientific Computing
    Software Engineering
    Systems and Networking

What you need to apply?
-----------------------

Application tip! You should begin applying at least two weeks before the application deadline to arrange your supporting documents and references.

Deadlines: Dec 1 , June 1, Oct 1 for Fall, Winter, Spring

Minimum requirements 

An Honours Bachelor degree in Computer Science or Engineering (or equivalent degree) with at least a 78% standing.

Application materials 
    Résumé
    Supplementary information form
    Transcript(s)
References 
    Number of references:  3
    Type of references: 
    at least 2 academic


Costs
-----



The Cheriton School of Computer Science offers competitive funding for our graduate students. Financial support for students accepted into a full-time MMath or PhD program is typically a combination of graduate teaching assistantships (TA)* and graduate research assistantships/studentships (GRA/GRS). The TA and GRA/GRS funding is our students base pay and all full-time MMath and PhD students are further considered for an array of scholarships and awards during the offer of admission process, many of which are listed below. For full details please review awards and funding for graduate students. 

MMath students are only guaranteed funding in their first year of studies as noted in their offer of admission. However, full-time students in the MMath and PhD programs may continue to receive funding while they are within their program time limits and in good academic standing and have satisfactory progress in their program. Financial support is not offered to part-time students or to students in the MMath coursework option. Students also do not receive funding in terms they are inactive.

For internationals, ~ 9k per sem
For domestics and pr, ~ 3k per sem



